Vuurmuur is a collection of firewall configuration scripts.

Vuurmuur is an attempt to make my personal firewall config scripts available to
the public. The word "vuurmuur" is a Dutch translation of "fire-wall."

Key features:
 -  Easily deployable NAT firewall
 -  Multiple subnets
 -  IP based advertisement filtering


Vuurmuur is available under the terms of the GNU Public License, version 3, or,
at your discretion, any later version. See the file COPYING for details.


Requirements:
 -  python
 -  iptables

Optional:
 -  Apache 2 for ad filtering
 -  mod_proxy_http for more advanced ad filtering
 -  PHP5 for even more advanced ad filtering


To set up, verify every network interface is installed and working correctly.
After that, run  deploy.sh  as root, and follow the on-screen instructions.

generate-config.py is a simple text-based UI designed to help you configure
your router. It is also possible (and sometimes necessary) to modify the con-
figuration files by hand.

After modifying the configuration files, run  rules.py  to generate the corres-
ponding iptables rules, or run  firewall  to immediately install the new rule-
set as well.

Below is a list of each configuration file, and its function.

    apache/
                Directory containing apache-specific configuration files
      default.html
      favicon.ico
                Default file to show instead of blocked content. The favicon
                is shown instead of any /favicon.ico request.
      filtered/*
                Pages that require more advanced filtering are stored here.
      greylist.conf
      whitelist.conf
                A grey- and whitelist respectively.
                Hosts on the whitelist will not get blocked; hosts on the grey-
                list are filtered according to the corresponding PHP file.
    
    config/
      networks/*
                All internal subnets are defined here
      if-config
                Configuration concerning the installed NICs
      ad-hosts
      malware-hosts
                Hosts (IP addresses) containing lots of ads or malware respec-
                tively. Any HTTP connection to an address on this list will be
                rerouted to a local apache installation, which will, in most
                cases, block the content.
      smtp-hosts
                A list of SMTP servers to which it is ok to connect.
                Users on the network will not be able to establish an SMTP
                connection to any IP not on this list, effectively preventing
                them from participating in any spam bot network.

